chore: prepare for release v0.20.0 (#1238)
prefix-dev/pixi: CHANGELOG.md

The format is based on [Keep a Changelog](https://keepachangelog.com/en/1.0.0/),
and this project adheres to [Semantic Versioning](https://semver.org/spec/v2.0.0.html).

## [0.20.0] - 2024-04-19
### ✨ Highlights

> - We now support `env` variables in the `task` definition to specify environment variables for a specific task.

Reviewer: I think it would be nice to mention how that can be used to parameterize tasks :)

Author: ```suggestion
- We now support `env` variables in the `task` definition, these can also be used as default values for parameter in your task which you can overwrite with normal env variables.
```
